Post fix for hosted happs (#153)
Holo-Host/holo-envoy: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## [#153](https://github.com/Holo-Host/holo-envoy/pull/153)

### Changed

- a tmp holochain optimization: [holochain/holochain#1059](https://github.com/holochain/holochain/pull/1059)

>   - Update the post-fix to hosted happ id with the string `###zero###`

Reviewer: Can we specify anonymous in the changelog?
```suggestion
  - Update the installed app ids of anonymous instances to end with the string `###zero###`
```

Author: This is for the `Hosted agent happ instance` not the anonymous instance

Reviewer: oh you're right. carry on :)
